Update README.md (#75)
Azure/azure-service-bus-emulator-installer: README.md

Before running automated script, clone the installation [repository](https://github.com/Azure/azure-service-bus-emulator-installer) locally.
 
### Windows

> After completing the prerequisites, you can proceed with the following steps to run the Event Hubs Emulator locally on Windows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the prerequisites, you can proceed with the following steps to run the Service Bus Emulator locally on Windows: 
```
